Feedback on UI
    Timeline UI
        The jump-to-datetime picker could be improved - it is clunky and difficult to use quickly right now.
        Panning around the timeline is painful because I keep trying to click and drag, but now that moves my playback position. How could this be improved? Do we need to go back to click+drag panning, or do we need another keyboard combo or something?
        Upper minimap
            What determines the time range of the top bar? At smaller zooms it seems uselessly zoomed-out, but simply zooming it in will make the wider zooms less useful.
            The availability strips are colored too intensely and it's difficult to see where cached data is.
        Lower main strip
            The volume scan time range only represents the downloaded data, not the full volume's time.
            Zoom level
                Micro
                    The VCP text displays over the sweeps in an unpleasant way.
                Macro
                    If I download a full volume scan, I only see a tick mark at the start of the scan: all the intermediary elevations vanish from the timeline without getting their own tick marks.
                    Have we lost the ability to zoom out to months and years? That was a great feature.
    Live playback
        How do I know if I'm actively downloading live data or not? I'm having a hard time separating that from whether my playback position is "locked" to "now"/live.
        When I'm streaming live data, could I have a "play" option that plays within X time or frames of "now"?
        When I'm playing a range of time near "now"/live, we should avoid repeatedly requesting mPING and related "recent" sources.
        If I have an elevation/product filter selected, and my playback position passes a projected sweep which doesn't match, we still show it as "projected" in the tooltip despite our expectation of it having been collected.
    Historical playback
        Point selection
            When dragging the playback position around, we shouldn't be firing-off requests automatically until my mouse up.
            What is the "Scan inspector" and how is it triggered? I keep accidentally hitting it when scrubbing around.
            Starting/resuming playback with a point position causes the playback to jump to crazy points in the cache/history other than what is visible in the timeline. It seems like playback should be limited in some way to what's visible in that case.
        Range selection
            The frame indicators are narrower than the logic that determines whether they are included in the range selection. I wonder if they should be updated to occupy the full width of time they represent, so that the range selection can be compared against them accurately.
